and now in the ground floor restaurant that is a father that certainly the most anticipated fight
of the night
my friends category up to 84 pounds
who can react and until the moment that he is driving said
highlighting their respective areas
he wants yes
What we saw in rio de janeiro
the institution
petersburg
of joinville there the technician also rejecting
I was seeing more details every man cordial tour
Come to face this beast, ask forgiveness.
it's very difficult completed
He Alberto
made repair leaving the newspaper value
but truth is writing a story and a game
the specialist says smiling very well
then this benefit
and the jokes by gilberto calvoso
and not only fred
Let's see what happens until you have to draw a strategy
she can cancel this game gilberto galvão pmdb quoted the country already act
the fire is still
southern mole
everton
the consolation of information was to beat even if that's what he knows best
last year
it's very exciting
very strong
It is also very difficult to stand with him.
such as those of the class that takes place even though it drops
pacheco will play and are destination parents
sorry for the muay thai expert
I do not need cds, you want to win.
I know it's been seven months.
support more for results
opening managed to win
to make a good state I'm not afraid it would not have made a difference in that
time
south africa - racket would end well open
up close and as far as throwing impressions
despite the relaxation that tries to turn and
for here the gilberto with the situation is serious to move away and to make the game of him in
to want to see what happens is a specialty
correct yourself councilman exactly what to remove it
one month after a newly arrived deceleration
it will not be easy
paula again because it is the only possible way out
get away and make a game so far
in the calf
a supreme recharge considered logical
What happened now?
juppé galvão
within the forecast
The game of holy house
the work will meet with the inter-
but repeat the word spam
that suffocation so far
in response to the financial crisis the young man who does this very well does not give room
with time, thank you
now mexico has created in which I think it will be for the fight
the American envoy
very good for the club that revealed it
many want to follow
a comparsa
there I was the first firm first action
the impact of local entrepreneurs on total advantage of crack ronei printed
rhythm
because his game in practice that we had talked about names like
terribly
in this sense the director of the opening show
in a written message
and now supertubos and get vote mark have not yet distanced themselves
I got laid a very confident fine that my photos
throughout the 100 thousand was approved the leading ball
the Bahian crowd
in a down point and has easy as well
the fighter has a
strike strike
however much the father of his share of the days of loss
she really ventured into miniature
another mix of martial arts
we talked
the prince
We took our hands, we can not go any further.
bring the action of the marginal
I made a truck
who raises in each mode
the attacks are increasingly prepared the young actor
excited and overdraft
it is not easy to fight the crisis
tardelli case
the vice Friday position an acceptance
ribery hit trees
out
position in general
with victory
a mixture of humanization
and holds the belt
Hear himself tough aircraft
with six more games of salt
It's very unfair it did not give
I do not see there
already for this singles game
with the text of the image already for this game is zeroed
right after jorge henrique
the lowest rates of country pfcs exactly
both the left defender
I think this issue of ducts every fighter
before finally gilberto had strategic game of the region and the wife and
son
both the background of helton networks
I only think that after this immense struggle was this the river because I could not
do not fit
relatives of income and income
one of the hotels in the world and only served the whole time up and the guy and it was
followed by a space of time as he hoped gilberto galvão is an athlete
very good party very experienced
has a jiu-jitsu and in the specialty claw fight
after the game
and makes the game past a difficult game
the book covers
beto bouvier great to be here but have to propose and brought the soil fight of the
techniques of how to live
among other materials try to catch these rumors only compliments
I ask for forgiveness not those who are not just two of them using the category
also
now you give the final of the debate was the Argentinean santiago efe
who showed a lot of wisdom in their martial
left are also great athletes sold assets team of santiago
already the lusa will even be the cutter of certain and the lucas the fish already charles of the
bronx also deficit fighter so there are nine teams I have great
fighters this sound dispute with the pellet reported that 50% lower than
it happens